Command:
  config, Configure xadm. Always interactive, implies --walkthru

Description:
  This will display and allow you to set the configuration for xadm.
  The command is always interactive, as if you provided --walkthru.
  Values you set will be saved in the xadm config file,
  located at ~/Library/Preferences/com.pixar.xolo.admin.config.yaml
  Your password will be stored in your login keychain.

  The configuration values are:

  Xolo Server Hostname:
    The hostname of the Xolo Server to interact with,
    e.g. 'xolo.myschool.edu'
    Enter 'x' to exit if no attempts are successful.

  Username:
    The Xolo admin username for connecting to the Xolo server.
    The same that you would use to connect to Jamf Pro.

  Password:
    The password for connecting to the Xolo server. The same that
    you would use to connect to Jamf Pro.
    It will be stored in your login keychain for use in your terminal or
    other MacOS GUI applications, such as XCode.

    If you are configuring a non-GUI environment, such as a CI workflow,
    set 'Non-GUI mode' to true. See the 'Non-GUI mode' option below for details

    Enter 'x' to exit if you are in an unknown password loop.

  Non-GUI mode:
    If you are configuring xadm for a non-GUI environment, such as a CI workflow,
    set this to true. This will prevent xadm from trying to access the keychain.

    The password value can then be set to:
    - A command prefixed with '|' that will be executed to get the password from stdout.
      This can have any CLI options and arguments you need to get the password.
      This is useful when using a secret-storage system to manage secrets.

    - A path to an executable file that returns the password to stdout.
      No arguments are passed, the file is just executed. The file must have only
      rwx permissions for the user running xadm, i.e. mode 0700.

    - A path to a readable file containing the password, which must have only rw
      permissions for the user running xadm, i.e. mode 0600.

    - Or the password itself, which will be stored in the xadm config file

    WARNING: Be careful when storing passwords in files.

  Preferred editor:
    The editor to use for interactively editing descriptions and other multi-line
    text. Enter the full path to an editor, such as '/usr/bin/vim'. It must
    take the name of a file to edit as an argument.

    GUI editors are supported, such as /usr/local/bin/bbedit. They will be launched
    as needed when editing multi-line text.
    Note that you may need to provide a command line option to the editor to make
    the cli process wait for the GUI editor to finish. For example, the -w option
    for bbedit.

    If no editor is set in your config, you will be asked to use one of a few
    basic ones.

Usage:
  xadm config

Options:
  -h, --help    Show this message