Command:
  edit-title, Edit an exising software title

Usage:
  xadm edit-title title [options]

Arguments:
  title:     The unique name of a title in Xolo, e.g. 'google-chrome'

Options:
  -n, --display-name=<s>             A human-friendly name for the Software Title, e.g. 'Google Chrome', or 'NFS Menubar'.
                                     Must be at least three characters long.

  -d, --description=<s>              A useful dscription of what the software installed by this title does. You can also include
                                     URLs, developer names, support info, etc.

                                     DO NOT use, e.g. 'Installs Some App', because we know that already and it isn't helpful.

                                     IMPORTANT: If this title appears in Self Service, the description will be visible to users.

                                     Must be at least 25 Characters.

  -P, --publisher=<s>                The company or entity that publishes this title, e.g. 'Apple, Inc.' or 'Pixar Animation
                                     Studios'.

  -a, --app-name=<s>                 If this title installs a .app bundle, the app's name must be provided. This the name of the
                                     bundle itself on disk, e.g. 'Google Chrome.app'.

                                     Jamf Patch Management uses this, plus the app's bundle id, to determine if the title is
                                     installed on a computer, and if so, which version.

                                     If the title does not install a .app bundle, leave this blank, and provide a --version-script.

                                     REQUIRED if --app-bundle-id is used.

  -b, --app-bundle-id=<s>            If this title installs a .app bundle, the app's bundle-id must be provided. This is found in
                                     the CFBundleIdentifier key of the app's Info.plist, e.g. 'com.google.chrome'

                                     Jamf Patch Management uses this, plus the app's name, to determine if the title is installed
                                     on a computer, and if so, which version.

                                     If the title does not install a .app bundle, or if the .app doesn't provide its version via
                                     the bundle id (e.g. Firefox) leave this blank, and provide a --version-script.

                                     REQUIRED if --app-name is used.

  -v, --version-script=<s>           If this title does NOT install a .app bundle, enter the local path to a script which will run
                                     on managed computers and output a <result> tag with the currently installed version of this
                                     title.

                                     E.g. if version 1.2.3 is installed, the script should output the text:
                                        <result>1.2.3</result>
                                     and if no version of the title is installed, it should output:
                                        <result></result>

                                     NOTE: This cannot be used if --app-name & --app-bundle-id are used, but must be used if they
                                     are not

  -r, --release-groups=<s>           One or more Jamf Computer Groups whose members will automatically have this title installed
                                     when new versions are released.

                                     If your Xolo administrators allow it, you can use 'all' to auto-install on all computers that
                                     aren't excluded. If not, you'll be told how to request setting release groups to 'all'.

                                     NOTE: Titles can always be installed manually (via command line or Self Service) on
                                     non-excluded computers. It's OK to have no release groups.

                                     When using the --release-groups CLI option, you can specify more than one group by using the
                                     option more than once, or by providing a single option value with the groups separated by
                                     commas.

                                     To remove all existing, use 'none'.

                                     NOTE: When a version is in 'pilot', before it is released, these groups are ignored, but
                                     instead a set of 'pilot' groups is defined for each version - and those groups will have that
                                     version auto-installed.

  -x, --excluded-groups=<s>          One or more Jamf Computer Groups whose members are not allowed to install this title.

                                     When a computer is in one of these groups, the title is not available even if the computer is
                                     in a pilot or release group.

                                     When using the --excluded-groups CLI option, you can specify more than one group by using the
                                     option more than once, or by providing a single option value with the groups separated by
                                     commas.

                                     To remove all existing, use 'none'.

                                     NOTE: Regardless of the excluded groups set here, if the server has defined a
                                     'forced_exclusion' in its config, that group is always excluded from all xolo titles. Also,
                                     computers that are 'frozen' for a title are excluded.

  -U, --uninstall-script=<s>         By default, Xolo cannot un-install a title. To make it do so you must provide either
                                     --uninstall-script or --uninstall-ids.

                                     When using --uninstall-script, provide a path to a local file containing a script (starting
                                     with '#!') that will uninstall any version of this title.

                                     This is useful when the publisher provides a custom uninstaller, or to uninstall things that
                                     were not installed via .pkg files (e.g. drag-installs).

                                     Either --uninstall-script or --uninstall-ids must be provided if you want to set --expiration.

                                     Use 'none' to unset this,

  -u, --uninstall-ids=<s>            By default, Xolo cannot un-install a title. To make it do so you must provide either
                                     --uninstall-ids or --uninstall-script.

                                     When using --uninstall-ids, provide one or more package identifiers, as listed by `pkgutil
                                     --pkgs`.
                                     Xolo will use them to create a Jamf Script that will delete all the files that were installed
                                     by the matching .pkg installers.

                                     NOTE: Package IDs will not work if the item was installed without using an installer.pkg
                                     (e.g. drag-installing)

                                     Either --uninstall-script or --uninstall-ids must be provided if you want to set --expiration.

                                     When using the --uninstall-ids CLI option, you can specify more than one ID by using the
                                     option more than once, or by providing a single option value with the IDs separated by commas.

                                     Use 'none' to unset this,

  -e, --expiration=<s>               Automatically uninstall this title if none of the items listed as '--expire-paths' have been
                                     opened in this number of days.
                                     This can be useful for reclaiming unused licenses, especially if users can re-install as
                                     needed via Self Service.

                                     IMPORTANT:
                                     - This title must have an '--uninstall-method' set, or it can't be uninstalled by xolo
                                     - You must define one or more --expire-paths

                                     Setting this to 'none' or zero, means 'do not expire'.

  -E, --expire-paths=<s>             The full paths to one or items (e.g. '/Applications/Google Chrome.app') that must be opened
                                     within the --expiration period to prevent automatic uninstall of the title. The paths need not
                                     be .apps, but can be anything. If the item at the path has never been opened, its date-added
                                     is used. If it doesn't exist, it is considered to never have been opened.

                                     If multiple paths are specified, any one of them being opened will count. This is useful for
                                     multi-app titles, such as Microsoft Office, or when different versions have different app
                                     names.

                                     When using the --expiration-paths CLI option, you can specify more than one path by using the
                                     option more than once, or by providing a single option value with the paths separated by
                                     commas.

  -s, --self-service                 Make this title available in Self Service. Only the currently released version will be
                                     available.

                                     While in pilot, a version is installed via its auto-install policy,
                                     or 'sudo xolo install <title> <version>' or updated via its Patch Policy.

                                     It will never be available to excluded computers.

                                     Self Service is not available for titles with the release_group 'all'.

  -c, --self-service-category=<s>    The Category in which to display this title in Self Service.
                                     REQUIRED if self_service is true, ignored otherwise

  -i, --self-service-icon=<s>        Path to a local image file to use as the icon for this title in Self Service.
                                     The file must be a PNG, JPG, or GIF file. The recommended size is 512x512 pixels.
                                     If one has already been set, this will replace it.

  -m, --contact-email=<s>            The email address of the team or person responsible for this title. Used for notifications,
                                     questions, etc.

                                     A mailing list for a team is preferable to an individual's email address, since individuals
                                     may leave the team.

  -h, --help                         Show this message